Add config file support to deployment gate command (#2339)
DataDog/datadog-ci: packages/plugin-deployment/README.md

- `--identifier` (default: `default`): Deployment Gate identifier. For example, `pre`.
- `--version` (**required** if your gate has faulty deployment detection rules): Version that is being deployed. For example, `v1.0.3`.
- `--apm-primary-tag`: APM primary tag (only for gates with faulty deployment detection rules). For example, `region:us-central-1`.

> - `--config-file`: Path to a JSON file containing gate configuration. When provided, rules are evaluated inline without requiring a pre-created gate in Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--config`: Path to the configuration file. Use this file to define inline rules without requiring a pre-created gate in Datadog.
```

Reviewer: Can you also add an example of such inline rules? (or redirect to docs)

Author: Updated with an example and link to docs. However, the docs are still missing documentation for this feature. It's the chicken and the egg problem: the docs will also include an example with datadog-ci (and the Datadog/deployment-gate-github-action -I'm working on a PR there too) 😅 I won't merge this PR until I have the docs ready so that I minimize the time where the three are out of date from each other

[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_delivery/
[3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_delivery/deployments/argocd#correlate-deployments-with-ci-pipelines
[4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/deployment_gates/

> [5]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/deployment_gates/setup

Author: To-do: update this when https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/37364 is approved. If current path is accepted, we'll have to update to

```suggestion
[5]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/deployment_gates/setup/jit
```

Author: While that's the final link, let's point to the api spec for now, because that's already online. I'll follow up updating this when the docs are live (because they have a circular dependency on datadog-ci being released)

```suggestion
[5]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/deployment-gates/trigger-a-deployment-gate-evaluation/
```

Reviewer: Sounds good!
